Implement support for string_view (attempt no. 3) (#3423)
nlohmann/json: doc/mkdocs/docs/api/basic_json/count.md

## Version history

- Added in version 1.0.0.

> - Extended template `KeyType` to support any comparable type in version 3.10.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extended template `KeyType` to support any comparable type in version 3.11.0.
```
